canonical_loop_1: action=init
canonical_loop_2: action=init
canonical_loop_3: action=init
canonical_loop_4: action=init
canonical_loop_5: action=init
canonical_loop_6: action=init
canonical_loop_7: action=init
canonical_loop_8: action=init
canonical_loop_9: action=init
canonical_loop_10: action=init
canonical_loop_11: action=init
canonical_loop_12: action=init
canonical_loop_13: action=init
canonical_loop_14: action=init
canonical_loop_15: action=init
canonical_loop_16: action=init
canonical_loop_17: action=init
canonical_loop_18: action=init
global_1: action=init
global_2: action=init
global_3: action=init
